Spread attributes (#237)
a-h/templ: docs/docs/03-syntax-and-usage/03-attributes.md

<hr style="padding: 10px" class="itIsTrue" />
```

## Spread attributes

> Using `{ spread... }` in an element. You can easily transfer attributes from a `map[string]string` into your elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `{ attrMap... }` syntax in the open tag of an element to append a dynamic map of attributes, where `attrMap` is of type `templ.Attributes`.

`templ.Attributes` is a `map[string]string` type definition.
```

> To simplify, you can use `templ.Attributes{}` instead of `map[string]string`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```templ
templ component(attrs templ.Attributes) {
  <p { attrs... }></p>
}

templ usage() {
  @component(templ.Attributes{"data-testid": "paragraph"}) 
}
```

```html title="Output"
<p data-testid="paragraph">Text</p>
```

:::note

> You can use conditional attributes with the spread attributes.

Reviewer: Rather than a note here, what about an example in the conditional attributes section that shows it in used?

Author: Something like this ?

![image](https://github.com/a-h/templ/assets/5224459/35d15462-e083-4543-afd8-61ee4dae9769)

Personally, I find that the example is a lot for a niche case.

Reviewer: I don't think it needs a whole example in it's own. I thought you could just amend the example in https://templ.guide/syntax-and-usage/attributes#conditional-attributes to contain a spread?

Author: > I don't think it needs a whole example in it's own. I thought you could just amend the example in https://templ.guide/syntax-and-usage/attributes#conditional-attributes to contain a spread?

Like this ?

![image](https://github.com/a-h/templ/assets/5224459/2d5494ca-0d8d-43a1-a37d-a5e3f12e37ae)

I admit I find it cleaner
